Remove $arrCache from the insert tag hooks (#4922)
contao/contao: UPGRADE.md

## Version 4.* to 5.0

### Insert tag hooks

> The `$cache` parameter is no longer passed to the `replaceInsertTags` and the `insertTagFlags` hook. An empty array is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$cache` parameter is no longer passed to the `replaceInsertTags` and the `insertTagFlags` hooks. An empty array is
```

Reviewer 2: @ausi My bad. 🙈

> ### replaceInsertTags and insertTagFlags hooks
> 
> The `$cache` parameter (6th for `replaceInsertTags` and 7th for `insertTagFlags`) is no longer passed to the hooks,
> an empty array gets passed instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Insert tag hooks

The `$cache` parameter is no longer passed to the `replaceInsertTags` and the `insertTagFlags` hook. An empty array is
passed instead.
```
